---
layout: resource
section: resources
title: 2025-05-08 Chapter Meeting Minutes
hide_title: true
---

# 2025-05-08 Chapter Meeting Minutes

## Flint Hills DSA
 
***

**Date:** May 8, 2025
**Time:** 6:00 PM
**Location:** City Park & Discord

***
 
### Attendees

#### Present:

- Derron B.
- Andrew G.
- Aaron W.
- Hayden G.
- Josh C.
- Noah R.
- Beccah B.
- Amanda C.
- Steve S.
- William G.
- Peter H.
- Macerick F.

***

### Minutes

#### New Business

- Discussed DSA Social
  - Members express they had a good time
  - Members express next social should have music
  - Discussed the idea of bringing board games
  - Discussed potential for other people hosting future socials
  - Request for a potential movie screening as an option for the next social
- **REDACTED**
- Treasury - New Bank Account
  - Flint Hills DSA now has a bank account and is an official, incorporated chapter
  - Shortly the Flint Hills DSA will begin receiving a portion of the member dues in the account
  - Discussed pursuing fundraising to supplement funds in the account
- Looking For a New Logo
  - Flint Hills DSA is searching for a new logo and accepting submissions from all members
- DSA Caucus
  - Co-Chairs Noah and Peter potential nominees to go to the DSA Caucus
  - Decision made to create Google forms for delegate nomination


#### Old Business

- Renters Together MHK
  - Renters Together development continues 
  - Noah discussed plan to build further and vote on leadership
 
#### Action Items

- [x] **REDACTED**
- [x] Create Delegate Nomination Forms
- [ ] Continue work on Renters Together

**Next Meeting:** June 5, 2025

#### Meeting Adjorned

**Time:** 7:10 PM
      





